Enjoy a whole new set of mechanical challenges as you build your own Create-powered contraptions in
an expansive Vanilla+ world.  You'll find more realistic terrain courtesy of Ecologics, William
Wyther's Overhauled Overworld, Valhelsia Structures, and Nullscape.  Once you find a place to settle
down, you'll find a huge array of excellent options from Macaw's various mods, Supplementaries,
Storage Drawers, and Chisels & Bits (just as a start).

You'll quickly find that you need to hit to road to find the resources you need since ores, metals,
minerals, and other important resources only appear in certain parts of the world courtesy of
Geolosys.  As you strike out to
find raw materials, you'll want to gear up with the help of Tetra, Sleeping Bags, Backpacked, Copper
Armor & Tools, and Potion Bundles.  On your journeys, use your own viking longboat courtesy of
Better Boats, or create your own superior breed of horses via Horse Genetics.  Don't worry about
things back home as Weirding Gadget will ensure your chunks remain loaded, and Claim Chunk will keep
your home safe from other players.  Track you progress with JourneyMap, and use the Waystones you
discover in villages to help you move around in a hurry.  With any luck, you may even discover the
mysterious underground city of Stoneholm.

With your materials in hand, you'll finally be ready to build your factory with Create and its many
companions: Create Alloyed, Create Cafe, Create Crafts & Additions, Create Steam Powered, and Create
Food Additions.  You'll find help with managing the circuitry with Tiny Redstone and Tiny Gates,
easy disposal of excess items with Trash Cans, and easy re-arranging of chests with Packing Tape.
As your compound grows, Cobbled Paths will let you get around quickly, and you can use Little
Logistics to set up automated boats and trains to your far-flung enterprises.  If you find yourself
playing on a server, Lightman's Currency and Player Trading will come in handy to help you exchange
your wares with your fellow players.

### About the Wiki

The wiki on this site describes everything you'll need to know to play this modpack.  Click on the
Wiki link above to access it.
